1. Filesystem - 

Summary: User determines name and directory for all files. Filesystem shows menu of database tables. Upon click all files and directories within are shown in a dropdown menu. Dropdowns continue to generate for all directory clicks. Upon filename click, most recent edition will be shown, with a dropdown menu available for selecting previous dates. Previous dates could be either previous versions of the file or entirely new files. There will be an 'edit' option which takes the user directly to the correct interface to edit this file. There will also be a 'delete' option which removes the file after a double-check for confirmation.

Example: User creates a UI to record class with a text box for notes with directory: 'Education/Fall2024/CIS641' and filename: 'Notes'. User uses their UI to record notes for class on 10/14/2024 and 10/16/2024. Later, the user wants to access these notes. The user opens the filesystem and clicks 'Records' table. Dropdown appears, and user clicks 'Education', then a new dropdown appears and the user clicks 'Fall2024', followed by a new dropdown where 'CIS641' is selected. Another dropdown appears and the user selects 'Notes'. The Notes 10/16/2024 file is shown along with a box that can open a dropdown menu if desired where the user could select 10/14/2024 if they wanted. The edit button would take them directly to the recording function with all the inputs filled with the previous information. The delete button would remove that 'Notes' from 10/16/2024.

2. UI Creator -

Summary: User determines name and directory. End date and time automatically included. User may add multiple choice, true or false, input box, or text box. Each of these elements will include a label for the question being asked. The user may also add predesigned elements like a start time. Input boxes can be grouped, to add and remove boxes together. Each of these elements will display similar to how they will display when recording. The user can then save this UI. The user may later edit this UI, and be forced to choose to keep the old UI or remove it when a save is attempted. The user will also be asked in they would like to schedule any planned events that they will be using this UI for so they will be displayed on the calendar.

Example: The user creates a UI with directory: 'Health' and filename 'Gym'. The user adds a text box and must enter a label, they choose 'Notes'. Next the user adds a multiple choice question with label 'Day' and options 'leg', 'push', and 'pull'. Finally the user adds three input boxes with labels 'Workout', 'Weight', and 'Reps' and types '1' into the group box. The user chooses to add a start time and saves the UI. This save will include that date and time this UI was created.

3. Recording -

Summary: User chooses directory and filename. A dropdown menu of directories and filenames is available and will automatically display if text entered matches any existing choices. If there is no UI for this directory and filename the user will be prompted to create one and sent to UI Creator. Otherwise, they click 'load UI' and the most recent version is loaded. A dropdown menu is available if the user wants to use a previous UI. The user enters data into all text boxes, input boxes, multiple choice questions and true or false questions present. Note that input boxes will have a '+' button next to them for listing multiple items ('-' will appear next to each box if more than one box is present and the user decides fewer boxes are necessary). If a start datetime is present, it will be autofilled with the scheduled start time or current time if the event was not scheduled. The endtime will always be present and autofilled similarly. The user can save their data whenever they choose.

Example: The user types 'He' in the directory box and clicks 'Health' when it is displayed. The user types 'G' in the filename box and clicks 'Gym' when it is displayed. The user clicks load UI and the most recently created 'Health/Gym' UI appears along with a box to open a dropdown menu of all previous UIs in 'Health/Gym' which can be selected and then loaded. The user does not type anything in the 'Notes' text box. 'The user chooses the 'leg' option in the 'Day' multiple choice. The user types 'split squats' into the input box and presses '+' to add another box where they type 'leg press'. The user now enters '100' into the first 'Weight' box and '280' into the second. The user then enters '8' into the first 'Reps' box and '5' into the second. Finally the user enters the time they went to the gym and the time they left.

Note: The user may clock-in to the gym upon entry, (start time is autofilled) fill any boxes they choose and a button will be displayed on the main menu with 'Clock out of Gym'. Upon clocking out the previously input data will be present.

4. Calendar -

Summary: The calendar will display yesterday through 2 days from now. There will be a start and end date text box that can be altered to show different time periods. The calendar will display like a traditional calendar with all scheduled events and a button to display all recorded events will also be available like 'directory, filename startTime-endTime' within their respective dates. Uploading all these events is cumbersome, so the user may also add one or multiple filters to load only desired data. Upon click of a scheduled event, a small box displaying the contents will be displayed and 'resolve' and 'delete' options will be available. 'Resolve' will send the user directly to the recording interface to input data. The scheduled event will disappear and become a recorded event. Upon clicking a recorded event the user will be shown limited contents and given 'edit' and 'delete' options very similar to those of a scheduled events.

Example: Assume the 'Gym' event was scheduled. The user sees clicks this event and selects 'resolve'. The user is directed to the recording function where the start and end times are autofilled. The user enters the data and saves the event. The user is now redirected back to the calendar. The user will now only see this scheduled event on the calendar as a recorded event.

5. Quick Notes -

Summary: The user may choose quick notes and enter some info into the text of the quick note. The quick note will display on the main menu with a 'resolve' button. The user may select 'resolve' and the file will be deleted.

Example: The user needs to call their mom, but cannot do it right this second. The user enters a quick note saying 'call mom by the end of tomorrow'. The user later opens the app and remembers to call their mom. The user calls their mom and clicks 'resolve'.


